I busy one day that computer's gonna get
our baby a good job what he's doing up
there nobody's gonna pay him for because
if they did I would have retired at 17
what are you doing for Christmas family
nice why why can't I come by that's it
it's the house I grew up in that's a guy
out there you don't we used to call that
squeaky stair the squeaky stair please
please let me stay here no I'll pay you
my family stuff for sale pal
I'll pay you two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars welcome home son
the Valco family will aid mr. Lathem in
recapturing those childhood Christmas
memories can't feel my toes
including celebrations all due
festiveness
various and sundry merriments
and Yuletide Glee this mom or is this
your dad's rented this out for the
holidays mom then ever had a sister she
can be the mate here the mayor would you
put this hat on no I'm not whatever dad
and I wear the hat
I'm not wearing a hat you guys sing
Christmas tree top you take the lead
what are making a difference to you if I
didn't want to not really
o Christmas tree o Christmas tree you
stab you all right everybody say Merry
Christmas I feel like I'm insane
[Music]
you gotta go
surviving Christmas this is why I've
been longing for a real family you know
in a true home that's why I'm thinking
it might be a good idea if I lived with
you
[Music]